hi there I'm Michael purser of Rosebud
company today we're gonna be focused on
the type of award that I work on which
is wood floors and specifically we're
gonna be talking about something that
can create a lot of distress for
homeowners and that's the scratches that
occur in the wood floors periodically
they become accustomed to their floors
looking attractive enhancing the value
of the house when something happens that
detracts from the attractiveness and the
value of the house then again it creates
a lot of angst I want to show you some
simple things about what you can do to
help blend the scratch in with the
surrounding wood now I'm using a stain
marker that is available at just about
any hardware store I'm shaking it up to
mix it you can try hardware stores
building supplies paint stores and
there's one thing I've learned and you
can already see from a previous
application where when I made a direct
application on the scratch right here
you can see the scratch actually got
darker so for that reason what I
encourage you to do is the way that I
recommend which is to take a rag or
paper towel and you take the stain and
work it into the rag like this get a
little build up and then very slowly and
methodically you just start rubbing over
some of the scratches what this allows
you to do is you're now controlling the
amount of stain getting down in that
scratch you'll have to reapply more to
the paper towel or the rag like this but
again I think this is a much safer way
than to just take the applicator and
make a direct application which is what
I did over here and I'll duplicate it
again just so you'll see the
consequences
again this is where the stain going in
the rag and we're just going to work a
number of these scratches and it's much
easier to get them blend in you see
right there what happened I much more
you actually took what was a scratch
that was lighter than the wood now it's
darker so you want to be careful that
you don't create more of a problem and
your attempts to try and deal with the
problem that you've got now as I said
this is for light abrasion
if this floor is in a high-traffic area
if it's in a kitchen right there at an
entranceway where there's going to be a
lot of movement in and out and the
potential for liquids coming in contact
with the floors then we would followed
this with a recode if this is in an area
that gets very little traffic such as a
bedroom or a study or something that
where the activity level is much less
and I think you can see that this is
probably going to suffice so let's go
over what we've learned first of all you
want to get a stain marker touch-up
marker and you want to use the paper
towel or rag glove up so you keep it off
your hands work it in very carefully you
don't want to do this just try and rush
through it you want to take your time
because the end result is very very nice
and you're saving yourself a lot of time
effort and money if you do need to put
down coatings over this I strongly
recommend you get in touch with a
professional who knows how to work with
the coatings don't go out and start
fooling around with these coatings on
your own you could take a bad situation
and make it worse
so again stain marker rag gloves work it
in take your time and I think that'll
solve most of the problems that you've
got with the wood floors anyway so again
my name is Michael purser Rosebud
company in Atlanta Georgia
I've got a very good website where
there's a lot more information about the
services I offer and also just general
information
about wood floors and that's wWOZ floors
calm appreciate having the opportunity
to talk with you about preserving
protecting and enjoying your wood floors
good day